feat(content): Add logbook entries for Alastair Korban (#9938)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/free worlds 3 reconciliation.txt

		dialog `You have failed an essential Free Worlds mission. If you want to complete the story line, revert to the autosave or another earlier snapshot of the game.`
	
	on offer
		log "The Syndicate CEO, Alastair Korban, claims that the disappearing hyperspace links are not their doing, and that in fact they are under attack by aliens. In fact, they say that the Syndicate has had contact with two different alien species in this region - raiders and scavengers known as the Korath coming from the galactic core, and an enigmatic and irrational species named the Pug who occupy the system adjacent to the ones that recently got cut off from human space."
		log "By plundering the Korath raiders, the Syndicate has acquired some jump drives, which allow a ship to travel between systems that are not connected by hyperspace links. They are willing to part with one of these jump drives in order to prove the truth of their story to the rest of humanity."

> 		log "People" "Alastair Korban" `The CEO of the Syndicate, Alastair Korban has overseen the corporation throughout the Free Worlds-Republic war.`

Reviewer: Yeah. This entry could have more info. He's been the CEO during the war, but for how long before that was he the CEO? Is there any other information we could give on him? Something we could make up to add here now? Log entries, especially for people, don't always only regurgitate the same information as from the mission they're created by.

> 		log "People" "Alastair Korban" `The CEO of the Syndicate for over, Alastair Korban has led the corporation throughout the Free Worlds-Republic war. Korban has confirmed in speech what Sawyer brought forward to the Free Worlds and the Republic; that "certain elements" of the Syndicate were behind the bombings on Martini and Geminus.`

Reviewer 2: `for over`?

Author: Oops. Meant to put a date.

> 		log "People" "Alastair Korban" `The CEO of the Syndicate for over, Alastair Korban has led the corporation throughout the Free Worlds-Republic war. Korban has confirmed in speech what Sawyer brought forward to the Free Worlds and the Republic; that "certain elements" of the Syndicate were behind the bombings on Martini and Geminus.`

Author: ```suggestion
		log "People" "Alastair Korban" `The CEO of the Syndicate for over two decades, Alastair Korban's tenure of the corporation has been capped by soaring profits owing to the human civil war. However, Korban has confirmed in speech what Sawyer brought forward to the Free Worlds and the Republic; that "certain elements" of the Syndicate were behind the bombings on Martini and Geminus.`
```

	
	on offer
		log "With the Pug defeated, it is finally time to deal with the Syndicate extremists and the Alphas that they allied with. The extremists are armed with nuclear missiles, but the Syndicate CEO has agreed to provide a cloaking device that will make it possible to dodge the missiles."

> 		log "People" "Alastair Korban" `After the Pug were defeated, Korban admitted the involvement of the Syndicate and the Alphas in the nuclear bombings of Martini and Geminus. As a result, he resigned his position as the CEO of the Syndicate Corporation.`

Reviewer 3: He had already admitted the involvement of the Syndicate (well, of "a certain extremist faction that we have since purged from our ranks,") in the bombings when we visited him earlier. And, we had already established it for ourselves prior to the Pug's overt involvement.
After dealing with the Pug, when we visit him, he admits that the Alphas were involved.
Also, the tense is wrong.
How about:
```suggestion
		log "People" "Alastair Korban" `Following the defeat of the Pug, Korban has revealed Alpha involvement and assistance in the bombings of Geminus and Martini. Having overseen the Syndicate as it worked with Alphas to start a civil war in human space, he has resigned from his position as CEO of the Corporation.`
```

Author: I'll need to connect the first log entry with the second one. I'll look at it again.
